Hmph, who was so loud at that time?
It's you, the trash who got divorced
I don't know why you still have the face to stand here
If you want me to see this, it will only give the composition door.
Disgraceful waste
Should be dismissed as an insult
Zhao Linfeng
Don't think I don't know what you're up to
Don't you just want my Managawa joy?
A month later, there will be a three-year Chinese large sum
If you have the guts, let's see you on stage
Then you will bully me
I must not fall at all
The people return
The company is envied by the sect on weekdays, I can't kill you
At the sect, a large sword has no eyes
I see you are really tired of living
Brother Zhao killed today with a cow slaughter knife
You are so biased to kill this trash
Get your hands dirty
Why don't you give me a chance to make a contribution?
Business and leave it to me
I will kill
Chang Qiaoqian
Why didn't I find you so vicious before?
You don't remember my father's saving grace for you
Just scold me
Now I have climbed Zhao Yunfeng again
How can you say such a thing shamelessly?
Humph, the law of the jungle is in the palace of the world
Brother Zhao is the son of the Great Patriarch
The cultivation resources my master got
Your business is low.
You can't even give this kind of waste.
Chen Xiaoqian
You white-eyed wolf
For those who climb high branches
Money is so cruel
Use me as a stepping stone
That being the case
Zhao Bingfeng Zhang Jiangqing
See you in the ring in a month